then the Lord spoke to Moses consecrate
to me all the first form whatever opens
the womb among the children of Israel
both of man and beast it is mine Moses
said to the people remember this day in
which you went out of Egypt out of the
house of bondage for by strength of hand
the Lord brought you out of this place
no leavened bread shall be eaten on this
day you are going out in the month a
deep and it shall be when the Lord
brings you into the land of the
canaanites and the Hittites and the
hammerites and the heights and the
jebusites
which he swore to your father's to give
you a land flowing with milk and honey
that you shall keep this service in this
month seven days you shall eat
unleavened bread and on the seventh day
there shall be a feast to the Lord
unleavened bread shall be eaten seven
days and no leavened bread shall be seen
among you nor shall leaven be seen among
you in all your quarters and you shall
tell your son in that day saying this is
done because of what the Lord did for me
when I came up from Egypt
it shall be as a sign to you on your
hand and as a memorial between your eyes
that the Lord's law may be in your mouth
or with a strong hand the Lord has
brought you out of Egypt you shall
therefore keep this ordinance in its
season from year to year and it shall be
when the Lord brings you into the land
of the canaanites as he swore to you and
your fathers and gives it to you that
you shall set apart to the Lord all that
open the wound that is every firstborn
that comes from an animal which you have
the males shall be the lords but every
firstborn of a donkey you shall redeem
with a lamb and if you will not redeem
it
then you shall break its neck and all
the firstborn of man among your sons you
shall redeem so it shall be when your
son asks you in time to come saying what
is this
that you shall say to him by strength of
hand the Lord brought us out of Egypt
out of the house and bondage and it came
to pass when Pharaoh was stubborn about
letting us go that the Lord killed all
the firstborn in the land of Egypt both
the firstborn of man and the firstborn
of beasts
therefore by sacrifice to the Lord all
males that open the war but all the
firstborn of my sons I redeemed it shall
be as a sign on your hand and as
frontlets between your eyes for by
strength of hand the Lord brought us out
of Egypt then it came to pass when
Pharaoh had let the people go that God
did not lead them by way of the land of
the Philistines although that was near
for God said lest perhaps the people
change their minds when they see war and
return to Egypt so God led the people
around by way of the wilderness of the
Red Sea and the children of Israel went
up in orderly ranks out of the land of
Egypt and Moses took the bones of Joseph
with him
for he had placed the children of Israel
and a solemn oath saying God will surely
visit you and you shall carry up my
bones from here with you
[Music]
so they took their journey from Sukkoth
and camped in Ethan at the edge of the
wilderness and the Lord went before them
by day in a pillar of cloud to lead the
way
and by night in a pillar of fire to give
them light so as to go by day and night
he did not take away the pillar of cloud
by day or the pillar of fire by night
from before the people
[Music]